Israel's evacuation orders and
Relentless bombardment are affecting
critical Health Care as well the health
Ministry says more than 1500 patients
need kidney dialysis but only 60
machines are available across the strip
so patients are receiving two dialysis
treatments of 2 hours a week that is a
third of what they require Maat alud
reports from Kamal edwan Hospital in
Northern
Gaza medical and health situation here
in Norther G SB is aerating day after
day as a result of the Israeli policy
imposed up Palestinians this policy
prevents the access of any food or
medical supplies to the nothing else R
I'm talking to you from Kwan Hospital
which is full of malnutrition cases skin
diseases and kidney FAA patients and
when it comes to kidney FAA we have to
mention
Abdullah a 9 years old Abdullah he goes
for
dialysis three times a
week syney is failing because I have
been eating canned food and drinking
polluted and contaminated water we live
in schools where nothing is clean we
need to take showers and we need to
clean our bodies enough dirty water
enough contaminated water I want clean
water my son Nabil is 11 years old he
had a kidney transplant 7 years ago we
managed to continue his treatment for 2
months after the war started but then he
couldn't get treatment at all for 4
months which damaged the transplanted
kidney he's en to walk now he lost
almost 21 kilos because of malnutrition
I urge the Arab Nations and all the
people of conscience to treat my son
abroad and bring him back to
normal all kidney fail actually here
nothing G are strive and Keen to end
this genocide in Gaza and receive the
needed necessary
treatment m Al jazer nothing go a STP
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler